# DH110-Assignment 09
# Alaska's Department of Fish and Game Website UX Project By Jovany Pompa 
## Introduction
The purpose of my project is to analyze and improve design features found on Alaska's Department of Fish and Game website. I chose to evaluate Alaska's Department of Fish and Game website because it is a vital resource for both people who live within the state and people who plan on visiting the state in the future. I recently visited Alaska and obtained all my information regarding wildlife by asking local shop owners within the city. Had I known that the department's website was accessible to me I would have been able to answer all my questions by looking online. Alaska's Department of Fish and Game website allows a person to plan out outdoor adventures, while also informing readers on the latest news and information regarding wildlife. Ultimately, the goal of this project was to provide improved features that made information on the Department of Fish and Game website more efficient and accessible to locals and tourists. 
## Design Statement
After a series of evaluations and testing I determined that Alaska’s Department of Fish and Game website could be improved in two areas. The first area being resource pages for wildlife viewing locations. These pages within the site are not easily accessible to the user and for someone who’s both unfamiliar with the site and does not have a lot of time to navigate through the webpage, finding out where and when they can view specific wildlife can be difficult and time consuming. The second area is the department’s Wildlife Encounter Report Form page section. The Wildlife Encounter Report Form is typically used in wildlife emergency situations and therefore, should be able to be accessed quickly and easily. So, I think it is important that this form is clearly visible and accessible to any user who is in a wildlife emergency. 
## Competitor Analysis
The first step I completed for the project included conducting heuristic evaluations for both Alaska’s Department of Fish and Game and Alaska’s Department of Public Safety. This was completed in order to compare functionality problems, which ultimately assisted me with determining which features benefited the user more. The main heuristic issues in Alaska’s Department of Fish and Game website were helping users recognize, diagnose, and recover from errors, Consistency and standards, and matching between the system and the real world. The main heuristic issues in Alaska’s Department of Public Safety website included visibility of system status, error prevention, and recognition rather than recall. Further Information regarding the evaluations can be found <a href="https://github.com/Jopompa/DH110-JovanyPompa/tree/main/Alaska"> here </a>. 


